Package: acct
Description-md5: 2411ebcaa9bca02b21c19f927d3e1bda
Description-en_AU: GNU Accounting utilities for process and login accounting
 GNU Accounting Utilities is a set of utilities which reports and
 summarises data about user connect times and process execution statistics.
 .
 "Login accounting" provides summaries of system resource usage based on
 connect time, and "process accounting" provides summaries based on the
 commands executed on the system.
 .
 The 'last' command is provided by the util-linux package and not included
 here.

Package: acpid
Description-md5: 6a7c4e4695f570d8fbcaec667cdcfcfe
Description-en_AU: Advanced Configuration and Power Interface event daemon
 Modern computers support the Advanced Configuration and Power Interface
 (ACPI) to allow intelligent power management on your system and to query
 battery and configuration status.
 .
 ACPID is a completely flexible, totally extensible daemon for delivering
 ACPI events. It listens on netlink interface (or on the deprecated file
 /proc/acpi/event), and when an event occurs, executes programs to handle
 the event. The programs it executes are configured through a set of
 configuration files, which can be dropped into place by packages or by the
 admin.

Package: adduser
Description-md5: a5681e7bad8d90695043c6eab9784701
Description-en_AU: add and remove users and groups
 This package includes the 'adduser' and 'deluser' commands for creating
 and removing users.
 .
  - 'adduser' creates new users and groups and adds existing users to
    existing groups;
  - 'deluser' removes users and groups and removes users from a given
    group.
 .
 Adding users with 'adduser' is much easier than adding them manually.
 'Adduser' will choose UID and GID values that conform to Debian policy,
 create a home directory, copy skeletal user configuration, and automate
 setting initial values for the user's password, real name and so on.
 .
 'Deluser' can back up and remove users' home directories and mail spool or
 all the files they own on the system.
 .
 A custom script can be executed after each of the commands.
 .
 'Adduser' and 'Deluser' are intended to be used by the local administrator
 in lieu of the tools from the 'useradd' suite, and they provide support
 for easy use from Debian package maintainer scripts, functioning as kind
 of a policy layer to make those scripts easier and more stable to write
 and maintain.

Package: aide
Description-md5: 1d70ba920a3b80bc791be197bf18814c
Description-en_AU: Advanced Intrusion Detection Environment - dynamic binary
 AIDE is an intrusion detection system that detects changes to files on the
 local system. It creates a database from the regular expression rules that
 it finds from the config file. Once this database is initialised it can be
 used to verify the integrity of the files. It has several message digest
 algorithms (md5, sha1, rmd160, tiger, haval, etc.) that are used to check
 the integrity of the file. More algorithms can be added with relative
 ease. All of the usual file attributes can also be checked for
 inconsistencies.

Package: aide-common
Description-md5: 7a8490e442a29581e6cca1b191be3f62
Description-en_AU: Advanced Intrusion Detection Environment - Common files
 AIDE is an intrusion detection system that detects changes to files on the
 local system. It creates a database from the regular expression rules that
 it finds from the config file. Once this database is initialised it can be
 used to verify the integrity of the files. It has several message digest
 algorithms (md5, sha1, rmd160, tiger, haval, etc.) that are used to check
 the integrity of the file. More algorithms can be added with relative
 ease. All of the usual file attributes can also be checked for
 inconsistencies.
 .
 This package contains base and configuration files that are needed to run
 the actual binaries.
 .
 You will almost certainly want to tweak the configuration file in
 /etc/aide/aide.conf or drop your own config snippets into
 /etc/aide/aide.conf.d.

Package: apport-symptoms
Description-md5: 685dc189a71c0847d5bc525d477c0d11
Description-en_AU: symptom scripts for apport
 Apport intercepts program crashes, collects debugging information about
 the crash and the operating system environment, and sends it to bug
 trackers in a standardised form. It also offers the user to report a bug
 about a package, with again collecting as much information about it as
 possible.
 .
 This package extends Apport by some "symptom" scripts, so that bug
 reporters do not have to guess the correct package, but report problems
 based on symptoms that they have (like "sound problem"), through an
 interactive process.

